This is the source for "learnlayout.com":http://learnlayout.com in case you're curious how it was built.

h2. How to Build

* If needed, install "NPM":https://npmjs.org/
** Last tested version was 0.12.7
* If needed, install "grunt":http://gruntjs.com @npm install -g grunt-cli@
** Last tested grunt-cli version was 0.1.10
** Last tested grunt version was 0.4.5
* If needed, do a @npm install@
* If needed, install jekyll @sudo gem install jekyll@
** Last tested version was 3.0.1
* If needed, install "pygments":http://pygments.org/download/
** I have used `sudo easy_install pygments` on Mac
** Last tested version was 2.0.2
* Build + run test server with @grunt serve@
* or build only with @grunt@

h2. How to Translate

Translation files live in the "translations":https://github.com/incompl/csslayoutsite/tree/master/translations directory. Each file is a "2-letter ISO 639-1 language code":http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php and the YAML file extention.

If you're not familiar with YAML, it's a very simple human-readable data format. Each line contains a translation code, a colon, and a value in quotes. The translation codes are the same in every language, and the actual translation on the right is in the appropriate language for the file.

To contribute to a translation, start with "en.yaml":https://github.com/incompl/csslayoutsite/blob/master/translations/en.yaml and either "email me":mailto:gsmith@incompl.com translated YAML files or make pull requests against this repository if you know how.

To test a translation, change the @lang@ property in "_config.yml":https://github.com/incompl/csslayoutsite/blob/master/templates/_config.yml before you build. If you choose an RTL language you need to add the line @rtl: true@ to the config.
